"Once you have genuinely, fully, and tenderly touched your own brokenness, place a seed in the crack. Make a wish in that fissure, and share with yourself the aimless kindness of your own presence." - Lama Karma
I hope your choices reflect your faith not your fear - unknown
Realistic is socially acceptable pessimism .  - Lisa Nichols
A memory without emotion is wisdom. - Dr Joe Dispenza 
Faith is believing. When it is being the power of our reason to believe. - Christian Sorensen
The greatest freedom is the freedom to be yourself. - unknown
Without you god is unexpressed - Christian Sorensen
It’s never too late to be great - Dwight  Howard 
Truth is more important than facts - Frank Lloyd Wright 
“Choose your heroes or they will be chosen for you.” - Russell Brand
conquer the morning conquer the day - unknown 
if I'm only for myself what am I? If I'm not for myself who will be for me?If not now? When? - Read Hastings favorite quote
It’s not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for. - Robert Kiyosaki
Don’t practice until you get it right. Practice until you can’t get it wrong” - unknown 
"I have always believed that when you have a voice, you have an obligation to use that voice to empower others." - Diane von Furstenberg
The master has failed more times than the beginner has tried - Stephanie mccranie 
Expect the best and accept nothing less - Jennifer Madden 
Our mess is our message - Unknown
What you measure improves - Dr Sara Gotfield
Your life is nothing more than a collection of days! - Jiri Novotny
If it is important to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse. - unknown
be congruent, be authentic, be your true self - Ghandi
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. - unknown
It's always too soon to quit - Norman Vincent Piel
There's nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so - Shakespere
Nothing tastes as good as being fit feels. - TV Commercial
You don't get what you want in life. You get what you expect. - unknown
Ever since happiness heard your name, it's been out on the street calling you - Christian Sorensen
